ESB GIFT SHOPPE
EMPIRE STATE BUILDING
3,800 SF
Blue and gold colors, an open ceiling design, and modern accents conclude the guest’s journey at the Empire State Building Gift Shoppe. 
Met clients for design proposals, and schematic development. Worked closely with exhibition and lighting designers to develop a fluid experience. Produced fixture designs, merchandising layouts, material palettes, preliminary sketches for multi-ple schemes, and construction documents.

SIXT RENT A CAR
BATTERY PARK, NYC
984 SF
SIXT rent a car is a highly successful European Agency. This location is their first in New York City. Following the Sixt design standards, a dated Hertz facility was transformed into a bright and vibrant rental car hub.
Conducted survey and contextual analysis. Collaborated with clients and millworkers on and off site. Produced construction documents, and participated in construction administration through project close-out.

SWATCH
MCCARREN INTERNATIONAL AIRPORT
685 SF
McCarren International Airport sought to revamp this central rotunda to heighten the experience of passengers traversing this major node. With an open and abstract ceiling design, natural light, and views from above, the design captures travelers. 
Coordinated with Swatch to ensure all design and fixtures were implemented per brand standards. Produced construction documents after approval of design.

PETER PAN
PORT AUTHORITY BUS TERMINAL
1210 SF
Peter Pan Bus lines will soon occupy the lower level of the Port Authority Bus Terminal. The current space is very dark, and the bright, clean, crisp design will welcome riders.
Conducted survey, developed design, produced material palettes, and construction documents. Currently working with the Port Authority of New York and New Jersey to obtain approval.

BROOKLYN NATIONAL DELI
PORT AUTHORITY BUS TERMINAL
1,317 SF
The Brooklyn Deli, a long-time bus terminal tenant, reinvents its dated image with a design that utilizes an entirely new materials palette to achieve a bright and warm environment.  At the storefront, customers are invited into the space with a wood paneled ribbon directing them through the experience.
Developed designs and material palette in collaboration with deli owner. Developed an equipment plan, rendered floor plans, and sketches for client’s review.

URBAN DECAY
LAS VEGAS INTERNATIONAL AIRPORT 
685 SF
Interconnected with other adjacent retail spaces through a cohesive open ceiling system, Urban Decay’s vibrant colors and funky fixtures are inviting to travelers.
Coordinated fixturing, graphics, and layout with Urban Decay. Produced construction documents for the review of Clark County Department of Aviation and participated in construction administration.

HARDY HOUSE
STUDIO 4: RESIDENTIAL DESIGN PROJECT
The Hardy House is designed to promote a healthy lifestyle within the core of the home. A green wall adjacent to the kitchen rises through the center of the house. This living element, promotes many positive psychological and physical benefits while also acting as a floral or herbal garden.
Studied psychological and physical benefits derived from natural elements within the home.  Produced plans, elevations, sections, and renderings. Built a final model.

TIMBER STUDIO
STUDIO 6: HOUSING WORKS SOHO, NYC
Solid and void spaces were inspired after the study of Laurie Anderson’s song “Gravity’s Angel”. This design plays on the spatial arrangement of volumes based on the variety and variations in programmed function. A cross laminated timber structure allowed for the unique forms to be easily accommodated within a warm, uniform, ordered framework, scaled to the context. Numerous common areas for volunteers, employees, and guests are provided on every level. The central public bubble provides the space Housing Works users need, while also creating a whimsical experience within a more traditional frame-work. The facade creates fluid transitions between my project and those around it. 
Conducted a survey of the existing site. Developed a site analysis and study about the existing conditions. Studied hypothetical donor Laurie Anderson, and created a sys-tem, measuring different components such as rhythm, pitch, and density, leading to the final song analysis drawing and study model. Developed plans, sections, elevations, renderings, and final model for final presentation.

DREAM STUDIO
STUDIO 5: THE ABATON
The Abaton, defined as a Dream Temple, was discovered dating back to Ancient Greece. An example is the Askelpion Pergamum Site located in modern day Turkey. People traveled to Abatons seeking doctors for various mental and physical help. Through sleep study, and dream analysis, a diagnosis was developed between patients and doctors, along with a treatment plan. This project is a modern day Abaton located in Manhattan alongside the FDR and East River. This project also includes an extension to the existing Bath house on site, and an educational facility.
Studied ancient dream temples and sleep analysis with a focus on meditation and REM wavelengths. Created the sleep study analysis drawings. Developed plans, sections, elevations, renderings, and final model for final presentation.

STREET SEATS
EXTRACURRICULAR: THE NEW SCHOOL, NYC
Street Seats 2016 was the first design and build project for public use on the New School campus. The project was located on the corner of 13th Street and 5th Avenue.
Developed sketches and designs with fellow classmates. Developed construction drawings. Attended neighborhood meetings to fight for the build. Built the street seats with friends.

FINE ART
I find beauty through studying stroke, line weight, composition, form, expression, capturing moments and thoughts, seeing colors where others may not, life in still objects, and emotion within a living subject. Since the age of 10 I have completed hundreds of paintings and drawings including several self-portraits. I find that self-portraiture has been a way in which I learn more about myself and my capabilities. I strongly believe that my fine art has helped me develop skills that make me a better designer.

RFPS:
Developed plans, elevations, and material palettes for approval. Worked closely with renderer’s to develop views for presentations. Collaborated with clients to assure quality, produced construction documents where projects were approved, and participated in construction administration through final construction.